Update dev_mailserver.md (#101)
consul/docs: english-documentation/introduction/servers/mail_server_configuration.md

# Mail Server Configuration

> This is a example to how integrate a mailing service with a development environment of Consul.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of how to integrate a mailing service with Consul.
```
